PASS
====

At least 5 screenshots of waveforms showing buttons bouncing. It doesn't matter
which button as long as you have 5 distinct events captured.

Screenshots of your sampled DCF signals over at least one full minute showing
the start of the minute and the start of the next minute. You need to zoom in
sufficiently to be able to tell the duration of the pulses and be able to
identify the information encoded on them. Make the screenshots overlap, e.g. the
end of one screenshot should be the start of the next, so that when you put all
screenshots next to each other you get the full minute with all details of the
encoded information clearly visible.

The decoded bits from second 0 to second 59 for the DCF signal and the decoded
time and date information from the decoded bits including a description how you
decoded them including the parity checks.

AVERAGE
=======

Screenshots of your sampled MSF signals over at least one full minute showing
the start of the minute and the start of the next minute. You need to zoom in
sufficiently to be able to tell the duration of the pulses and be able to
identify the information encoded on them. Make the screenshots overlap, e.g. the
end of one screenshot should be the start of the next, so that when you put all
screenshots next to each other you get the full minute with all details of the
encoded information clearly visible.

An annotated trace file of your DCF signals as described above, which
corresponds to the DCF screenshots in your report.

An annotated trace file of your MSF signals as described above, which
corresponds to the MSF screenshots in your report.

The decoded bits from second 0 to second 59 for the MSF signal the decoded time
and date information from the decoded bits including a description how you
decoded them including the parity checks.

FIRST CLASS
===========

Give typical timescales for the buttons to settle as measured from your
waveforms with GTKWave. Calculate the average time it takes for a button to
settle with standard deviation plus minimum and maximum time. You need to
analyse at least 100 events to get reasonable statistics.

An annotated trace file showing the differences in arrival times of the DCF and
MSF second markers from one second to the next and between MSF and DCF. An
analysis of these to show the mean difference and standard deviation between
consecutive seconds and the two radio clocks. An estimate of the frequency error
of the local crystal oscillator on the development board including error margins
based on your data.

A theoretical estimate of the expected time difference between DCF and MSF radio
clock signals and a comparison with your experimental results obtained plus
explanation of any differences.
